Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/products/interfaces/pwa-implementations.md

Attribute | Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`is_html_allowed` | Boolean | Indicates whether the attribute value is allowed to have HTML content

> `ui_input_type` | UiInputTypeEnum | The front end input type of the attribute

Author: ```suggestion
`ui_input_type` | UiInputTypeEnum | The frontend input type of the attribute
```
